hello everybody, I've been teaching you accurate
of water in law and giraffe
First you write you have to have
a giraffe that in this time that today is
all
then follow the line that color the giraffe
Like my yellow one there.
put it here on the needle, because here it is
at the tip
coke continues pulling in his cabinet
My mother also pulls by ounce.
while you have experience no closer
And river is not going to do it, he does not have it.
nobody can pull a little bit more
I think it gets firmer than a good game.
how happy she is
Then who's watching and picking up the
its needle and low income line that is the
Christmas is very cool to get to the needle in the
top 10 the cuba to choke the fear if
respected left over but you 're with us
How do you make it before you're ready?
but only taken water for nintendo short
of the year
but the worst was contagious that until the end
June he still does not speak things I
I'm a fan
so I want him to learn drugs there
Wow, and how are you going to pitch out?
in the fourth rhyme and does not remember the lessons
postponed said she will not forget dog
Help is hurry, I'm doing it with
hand holding the camera, we can
I 'm going to come by here inside.
you get there look there now ensures that
the needle
Let's go because our little scissors
our ball the other thinks the other
part 2 and another victory to good taboo
that our're also good congratulations you
teaches you right there is again look
that 's who those were about
guys steal it
ae i am an claim not to know also not
They think there's a knot.
no no and do not let the owner alone
This one for everyone and no one falls short.
wanting to put on does not let
insurance canopy paid ready finished can
to start the haiti seamstress
she stays here our looks that perfection to
delicacy that secures the needle
there are here
O is not yet ready, O king.
Teach us to look at the enem
morale can not go to the stove is the
these people and so show that with
that belly is not just technique and you
who developed it is here and I find it here
al in Canton nest to a singer heard
I'm happy, Christmas. Good, I'll have to.
turn on what you wanted because you wanted to play
Phone is fine
Renan, that's not it, bye people.